# Privacy Policy

**Updated at 2021-08-01**

Mr Kuku ("we", "our" or "us") is commited to protecting your privacy. This Privacy policy explains how your personal information is collected, used and discolsed by Mr kuku. This privacy policy applies to our website https://mrkuku.org/ , and its associated subdomains (collectively, our "Service"). By accessing or using our Service, you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service

## Definitions and Key terms

- **Cookie:** Small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. It is used to identify your browser, provide analytics,remember information about you such as your language or log in information

- **Company:** When this policy mentions "Company" ,"we", "us" or "our" it refers to Mr Kuku of Dar es Salaam, Tanzania that is responsible for you information under this Policy.

- **Country:** Where Mr Kuku or the owners/founders of Mr kuku are based, in this case is Tanzania.

- **Customer:** Refers to the company, orgarnization or person that signs up to use the Mr Kuku Service to manage the relationships with your cusumers or service users.

- **Personel:** Refers to those individuals who are employed by Mr Kuku or are under contract to perform a service on behalf of one of the parties

- **Personal Data:** Any information that directly, indirectly or in connection with other information --including a personal identification number which allows identification or identifiability of a natural person.

- **Service:** Refers to the service provided by Mr Kuku as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this platform

- **Third-party service:** Refers to advertisers, contest, sponsors, promotional and marketing partners and others who provide our content or whose products or services we think may interest you.

- **You:** A person or entity that is registered with Mr kuku to use the services.


 ## What Information Do We Collect ?

 We collect information from you when you visit our service, register, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form

 - Name/Username
 - Phone Numbers
 - Email Addresses
 - Password


 ## How Do We Use The Information We Collect ?
 
 Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:

 - To personalize your experience (your information helps to better respond to your individual needs)
 - To improve our service(we continually strive to improve our service offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
 - To administer a promotion, contest, survey or other site feauture.
 - To send periodic emails.


 ## When do we use customer information from third parties ?

 We receive some information from the third parties when you contact us. For example, when you submit your email address to us to show interest in becoming our customer, we receive information from third party that provides automated fraud detection services to use . We also occasionally collect information that is made publicly available on social media websites. You can control how much of your information social media websites make public by visiting these websites and changing your privacy settings. 


 ## Do we share the information we collect with third parties ?

 We may share the information that we collect,both personal and non-personal with third parties such as advertisers and marketing partners, and others who provide our content or whose product or services we think may interest you.

 We may share portions of our log file data, including IP addresses, for analytics purposes with third parties such as web analytics partners, application developers, and ad networks. If your IP address is shared, it may be used to estimate the general location and other technologies such as connection speed, whether you have visited the service in a shared location, and the type of device used to visit the service.

 We may also disclose personal or non-personal information about you to goverment or law enforcement officials or private parties as we,  in our sole discretion, beleive necessary or appropriate in order to respond to claims,legal process, to protect our rights and interests or those of a third party, the safety of the public or any person, to prevent or stop any illegal unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to otherwise comply with applicable court orders, laws, rules and regulations. 


## Is the information collected through our service secure?

We take precautions to protect the security of your indormation. We have physical, electronic and managerial procedures to help safeguard, prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security and correctly use your information. However, neither people nor security systems are foolproof, including encryption systems. Therefore, while we user reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee it absolute security. If applicable law imposes any non-disclaimable duty to protect your personal information, you agree that intentional misconduct will be the standards used to measure our compliance with that duty.


## How Long Do We Keep Your Information ?

We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide service to you and fulfill the purposes decribed in this policy. This is also the case for anyone we share your information with and who carries out service on our behalf. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we'll either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we can't identify you.


## Your Consent

By using our service, registering an account, or making a purchase, your consent to this Privacy Policy.

## Cookies

We use "Cookies" to identify the areas of our website that you have visited. A Cookie is a small piece of data stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser. We use Cookies to enhance the performance and funcitonality of our service but are non-essential to their use. However without cookies,certain functionality may become unavailable to you or you would require to enter your log in details every time you visit our platform . Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of Cookies. However,if you disable Cookies you may not be able to access some funcitonality and we never place Personallly Identifiable Information in Cookies.


## Changes To Our Privacy Policy

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and update the Privacy Policy modifications date.

## Contact Us

Don't hesistate to contact us if you have any questions

- Via Email: info@mrkuku.org

- Via this Link: https://mrkuku.org/contact
