# Terms & Conditions

**Updated at 2021-08-01**

## General Terms

By accessing and registering with us, you confirm that you are in agreement with and bound by the terms of service contained in the Terms & Conditions outlined below. These terms apply to the entire website and any email or other type of communication between you and us.

Under no circumstances shall Mr kuku be liable for any direct,indirect,special,incidental or consequential damages,including but no limited to,loss of data or profit arising out of the use or the inability to use the materials on this site.


## Licence

Mr Kuku grants you a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited licence to download, install and use out service strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Thes Terms & Conditions are a contract between you and Mr kuku (referred to in these Terms & Conditions as "Mr Kuku", "us", "we" or "our"), the provider of the Mr kuku website and the services accessible from the Mr kuku website (which are collectively reffered to in these Temrs & Condition as the "Mr Kuku Service").

You are agreeing to be bound by these Terms & Conditions. If you do not agree to these Terms & Conditons, please do not use the Service. In these Terms & Conditions "you" refers both to you as an individual and to the entity you represent. If you violate any of these Terms & Conditions we reserve the right to cancel you account or block access your account without notice.


## Definitions and Key terms

- **Cookie:** Small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. It is used to identify your browser, provide analytics,remember information about you such as your language or log in information

- **Company:** When this policy mentions "Company" , "we", "us" or "our" it refers to Mr Kuku of Dar es Salaam, Tanzania that is responsible for you information under this Policy.

- **Country:** Where Mr Kuku or the owners/founders of Mr kuku are based, in this case is Tanzania.

- **Customer:** Refers to the company,orgarnization or person that signs up to use the Mr Kuku Service to manage the relationships with your cusumers or service users.

- **Personel:** Refers to those individuals who are employed by Mr Kuku or are under contract to perform a service on behalf of one of the parties

- **Personal Data:** Any information that directly,indirectly or in connectin with other information --including a personal identification number which allows identification or identifiability of a natural person.

- **Service:** Refers to the service provided by Mr Kuku as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this platform

- **Third-party service:** Refers to advertisers, contest, sponsors, promotional and marketing partners and others who provide our content or whose products or services we think may interest you.

- **You:** A person or entity that is registered with Mr kuku to use the services.


## Restrictions

You agree not to, and you will not permit others to 

- License, sell, lease, assign, distribute, transmit,host, outsource, disclose or otherwise commercially exploit the service or make the platform available to any third party.

- Modify, make derivative works of, disassemble, decrypt,reverse compile or reverse engineer any part of the service.

- Remove, alter or obscure any proprietary notice (including any notice of copyright or trademark) of our its affiliates,partners,suppliers or the licensors of the service


## Your Suggestions

Any feedback, comments, ideas, improvements or suggestions (collectively, "Suggestions") provided by you to us with respect to the service shall remain the sole and exclusive property to us. We shall be free to use, copy, modify, publish, or redistribute the Suggestions for any purpose and in any way without any credit or any compensation to you.


## Your Consent

We've updated our Terms & Conditions to provide you with complete transparency into what is being set when you visit our site and how it's being used. By using our service, and registering an account you hereby consent to our Terms & Conditions.


## Links to Other Websites

Our service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us.If you click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site.We strongly advise You to review the Terms & Conditions of every site You visit. We have no control over and assume no reponsibility for the content, Terms & Conditions or practices of any third party sites or services.


## Cookies

We use "Cookies" to identify the areas of our website that you have visited. A Cookie is a small piece of data stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser. We use Cookies to enhance the performance and funcitonality of our service but are non-essential to their use. However without cookies,certain functionality may become unavailable to you or you would require to enter your log in details every time you visit our platform . Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of Cookies. However,if you disable Cookies you may not be able to access some funcitonality and we never place Personallly Identifiable Information in Cookies.


## Changes To Our Terms & Condtions

You acknowledge and agree that we may stop (permamently or temporarily) providing the Service (or any feautures within the Service) to you or to users generally at our sole discretion, withour prior notice to you. You man stop using this Service at any time . You do not need to specifically inform us when you stop using the Service. You acknoweldge and agree tha if we disable access to your account details or any files or other materials which is contained in your account.If we decide to change our Terms & Conditions we will post this changes on this page and update the Terms & Conditions modification date.


## Modifications to Our Service

We reserve the right to modify, suspend or discontinue temporarily or permamently, the service or any service which it connects with or without notice and without liability to you.


## Updates to Our Service

We may from time to time provide enhancements or improvements to the feautures/functionality of the service which may include patches, bug fixes, updates, upgrades and other modifications ("Updates"). Updates may modify or delete certain feautures and/or functionalities of the service. You agree we have no obligation to 

1. Provide any Updates
2. Continue to provide or enable any particular feautures and/or functionalities of the service to you

## No Warranties

The service is provided to you "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" and with all faults and defects without any warranty of any kind. To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, we on our own behalf and on behalf of our affliates and our respective licensors and service providers, expressly disclaim all warranties, whether express, implied, statuory or otherwisem with respect to the service including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement and warranties that may arise out of course of dealing, course of performance, usage or trade practice.Without limitation to the foregoing, we provide no warranty or undertaking, and makes no representation of any kind that the service will meet your requirements, archive any intended results, be compatible or work with any other software, websites, systems or services,operate without interruption, meet any performance or reliablity standards or be error free or that any error or defects can or will be corrected.


## Ammendments to this Agreement

We reserve the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace this Agreement at any time . If a revision is material we will provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will determined at our sole discretion . By continuing to access or use service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use our service.

## Updates to Our Terms

We may change our Service and policies and we may need to make changes to these Terms so that they accurately reflect our service and policies. Unless otherwise required by law, we will notify you (for example, through our Service) before we make changes to these Terms and give you an opportunity to review them befor they go into effect. Then if you continue to use the Service, you will be bound by the updated Terms. If you do not want to agree to these or any updated Terms, you can delete your account.


## Entrire Agreement

The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and us regarding your use of the service and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous written or oral agreements between you and us.

## Miscellaneous

If for any reasons a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provition or portion of these Terms & Conditions to be unenforceable, the remainder of these Terms & Condtions will continue in full force and effect. Any waiver of any provision of the Terms & Conditions will be effective only if in writting and signed by an authorized representative of Us. We will be entitled to injuctive or other equitable relief (without the obligations of posting any bond or surety) in the event of any breach or anticipatory breach by you. We operate and control our Service form our offices. The Service is not intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation. Accordingly those persons who choose to access our Service from other locations do so on their own initiative and are soley responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. These Terms & Conditions (which include and incorporate our Privacy Policy) contains the entire understanding and supersedes all prior understandings, between you and us concerning its subject matter, and can not be changed or modified by you. The section headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and will not be given any legal import.

## Contact Us

Don't hesistate to contact us if you have any questions

- Via Email: info@mrkuku.org

- Via this Link: https://mrkuku.org/contact







